feat: Seer product updates in docs (#15802)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/index.mdx

## Seer Capabilities

> Seer provides end-to-end debuggingtools to help you troubleshoot and fix errors and performance issues faster, or even before they are merged:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seer provides end-to-end debugging tools to help you troubleshoot and fix errors and performance issues faster, often before they are even merged:
```

To start using Seer's capabilities in your Sentry-enabled projects, follow these steps:

1. Connect to GitHub through the [Sentry GitHub integration](/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/). You can follow the steps in [Seer settings](https://sentry.io/settings/seer/) to get started. **Note:** Seer can only be integrated with the cloud version of GitHub

2. Select which repositories you want Seer to have access to

3. Select which features to turn on - AI Code Review, Root Cause Analysis, PR generation of fixes

<Alert level="warning">

> Seer is an add-on to your Sentry subscription. By enabling it, you are signing up for seat-based pricing for this feature. Any person who opens 2 or more PRs in a month in a Seer-enabled project will be billed. You can learn more about Seer pricing [here](/pricing/#seer-pricing).

Reviewer 2: We should use "active contributor pricing" to be consistent

> Seer is an add-on to your Sentry subscription. By enabling it, you are signing up for seat-based pricing for this feature. Any person who creates 2 or more PRs in a month in a Seer-enabled project will be billed. You can learn more about Seer pricing [here](/pricing/#seer-pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seer is an add-on to your Sentry subscription. By enabling it, you are signing up for seat-based pricing for this feature. Any person who opens 2 or more PRs in a month in a Seer-enabled project will be billed. You can learn more about Seer pricing [here](/pricing/#seer-pricing).
```
